To view and process dataset (#64)
napari/tutorials: applications/brain_dataset_tutorial.md

> # Using Dask and Napari to view and process 100µm resolution human brain dataset.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Using Dask and napari to view and process a high-resolution human brain imaging dataset.
```

> We used napari to view and process 100µm resolution human brain large dataset, and in the following tutorial we will break down how it all builds up!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We used napari to view and process a high-resolution human brain imaging dataset, and in the following tutorial we will break down how it all builds up!
```

> The dataset was obtained from Dr. Brian Edlow's Lab for NeuroImaging of Coma and Consciousness, which is dedicated to promoting recovery of consciousness in people with severe brain injuries.

Reviewer: Can you add a link to Dr. Edlow's lab

> This dataset is a 100 micron resolution magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) scan of an ex vivo human brain specimen. The brain specimen was donated by a 58-year-old woman who had no history of neurological disease and died of non-neurological causes.

Reviewer: Can you add a link to the place where this description of the data was obtained

> A very important concept to bear in mind when going through this tutorial is the [Lazy Loading](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lazy_evaluation), i.e., only loading images to memory when the position slider on napari maps to that particular image, which is very of use, when using large datasets.

Reviewer: I think this comment about the lazy loading should go after the getting the data in the data loading section

> #### So how can we lazily load an image using dask?

Reviewer: I think this section should move after the "getting the data" section

> First, we import delayed from dask, which is the main function responsible for handling __Lazy Loading__. Here we defined a function *load_image()* that will lazy load the image when called given, the image name as a parameter. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
First, we import delayed from dask, which is the main function responsible for handling __Lazy Loading__. Here we defined a function *load_image()* that will lazy load the image data when called given a path to the data. 
```

> ```

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```python
```

Reviewer 2: This is a GitHub markdown tip: you get nice colours for syntax highlighting if you put the name of the language after the code block ticks.

This even works for error messages/tracebacks (for python, that's ` ```python-traceback` to start the code block where the error message is copied into)

from dask import delayed

> import dask.array as da

Reviewer 2: Can I ask why you're using `dask` and `delayed` like this instead of the `dask_image` `imread()` function? 

This isn't a criticism, I would like to know how we can make dask-image more useable.

def load_image(image_name):
	delayed_image_load = delayed(io.imread)
	return da.from_delayed(delayed_image_load(image_name), dtype='float64', shape=(1760, 1760))

> ```

Reviewer: Can you maybe add a link to our other `napari+dask` tutorial https://github.com/napari/tutorials/blob/master/applications/dask.md for people looking for more information

#### Getting the data

> You can download the dataset from [here](https://datadryad.org/stash/downloads/file_stream/223913). A ZIP file will be downloaded, after unzipping the compressed dataset, the `.tiff` images will be extracted to the `SYNTHESIZED_TIFF_Images_Raw/Synthesized_FLASH25_100um_TIFF_Axial_Images/` directory. Now your dataset is ready to be used!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can directly download the dataset from [here](https://datadryad.org/stash/downloads/file_stream/223913). A ZIP file will be downloaded, after unzipping the compressed dataset, the `.tiff` images will be extracted to the `SYNTHESIZED_TIFF_Images_Raw/Synthesized_FLASH25_100um_TIFF_Axial_Images/` directory. Now your dataset is ready to be used!
```
Can you add a comment about how big the dataset is? It can be a little unnerving to have a file start downloading directly when clicking on a link

Reviewer 2: Yes, that is pretty unnerving. Could you link to the main page of this dataset on Dryad?

It could go something like this:
```
You can download the dataset from [here](url/of/main/dyrad/dataset/page) (or use the [direct download link](https://datadryad.org/stash/downloads/file_stream/223913), dataset is ???GB). A ZIP file will be downloaded...
```

Reviewer 2: I found the link to the main dataset page! https://doi.org/10.5061/dryad.119f80q

#### Reading images from a folder

> To load images from a folder we use io.imread, but first we need to  import io from skimage.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
To load images from a folder we use [`io.imread`](https://scikit-image.org/docs/dev/api/skimage.io.html#skimage.io.imread), but first we need to import io from skimage.
```

> ```

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```python
```

>  delayed_image_load = delayed(io.imread)

Reviewer: This line seems duplicative with the lazy loading section above and should probably be cut

Reviewer: maybe best to move the lazy loading stuff from above into the top part of this section

```

> And to read images from a folder, you should import *glob* to list all the images in the dataset folder, and this is how it is used:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
And to read images from a folder, you should `import glob` to list all the images in the dataset folder:
```
also, add `import glob` to your code example

> ```

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```python
```

images_names = glob.glob(
'SYNTHESIZED_TIFF_Images_Raw/Synthesized_FLASH25_100um_TIFF_Axial_Images/Synthesized_FLASH25_Axial_*.tiff')
images_names = sorted(images_names)
```

> Here we use the `sorted` function, to sort the images as, glob returns the images unsorted.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Here we use the `sorted` function to sort the images, as `glob` returns the images unsorted.
```

#### Using dask.stack() to concatenate images

> Dask.array.stack (seq, axis=0) used to stack many existing dask arrays into a new array, creating a new dimension (axis=0 by default), And this is how it is used:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
`dask.array.stack` is used to stack many existing dask arrays into a new array, creating a new dimension (along axis=0 by default):
```

> ```

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```python
```

images = da.stack(load_image(image_name) for image_name in images_names) 
```

Here's the complete code:

> ``` 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
``` python
```

from dask import delayed
import dask.array as da
import napari
import glob
from skimage import io

def load_image(image_name):
	delayed_image_load = delayed(io.imread)
	return da.from_delayed(delayed_image_load(image_name), dtype='float64', shape=(1760, 1760))

if __name__ == '__main__':
    # Load images
    images_names = glob.glob(
        'SYNTHESIZED_TIFF_Images_Raw/Synthesized_FLASH25_100um_TIFF_Axial_Images/Synthesized_FLASH25_Axial_*.tiff')
    images_names = sorted(images_names)
    images = da.stack(load_image(image_name) for image_name in images_names).reshape(len(images_names), 1760, 1760)
    with napari.gui_qt():
        napari.view_image(images) 
```

__And here's the final output!__

> ![Alt text](https://media.giphy.com/media/LO3gPbCs5AxApjAehW/giphy.gif)

Reviewer 2: Gorgeous!

> ![Alt text](https://media.giphy.com/media/LO3gPbCs5AxApjAehW/giphy.gif)

Reviewer 3: suggest add additional so that the image is on it's own line

Reviewer 2: It might also be kind of cool to have a gif of what the dataset looks like when you click the "3D mode" button at the bottom right of the napari viewer.

Reviewer 4: @GenevieveBuckley isn't this dataset 32GB? I think the viewer will explode if you click that button. =P

Reviewer 2: Whoops, I hadn't finished downloading the data so I didn't think about that. Apparently unzipped it's 3.7GB (not 32.0GB), and yes, it freezes the viewer completely. So that's a terrible idea, I take it back

Reviewer 2: Oh, but now I've found the [data webpage](https://doi.org/10.5061/dryad.119f80q) I see where you got 32GB from - that must be the size of all the datasets from that experiment together, not just the single one visualized in this example.

Reviewer 4: I wonder why the original dataset page lists it as 32GB... But yeah, perhaps making this render in 3D (via downsampling) is best left as an exercise for another time. =)

Reviewer 2: Well there's way more stuff in the dataset page than just the one folder of tiffs we look at @jni. 

They have multiple .nii.gz files for axial, sagittal, and coronal planes. Each of those is also uploaded as a folder of tiffs (duplicating the data), and also uploaded as a downsampled version with 200 micron resolution (duplicating data again). They've also uploaded and saved the scan protocol information, as well as all the mp4 recordings, and some more stuff I haven't mentioned. All in all, that adds up to 32GB.

It makes it super convenient for us to just download the format we prefer, instead of having to waste effort converting from .nii files. So I'm pleased the authors went to all that effort.
